hey guys this is Mike the scrapper today
we're gonna scrap an air conditioning
unit please have the unit discharged
before taking apart
now this here's the compressor and all
this here is number two copper now this
here is a thing this is the motor this
is another fin and this is the control
box now first we're going to start by
taking apart with a pepper
now this fit is dirty I'm going to show
you how to get it clean later
please remember to recycle all the
plastic now I'm just tapping the motor
to take it apart to see whether it's
copper or aluminum
now this is just the test before I start
the whole thing now I'm taking a look
here and yep that's copper now this is
how you make dirty fin into clean fin by
removing that piece of steel now please
don't put your foot on it like I did
please use a vise or some other device
to hold it in place so you don't get
hurt
by doing what I'm doing here you're
making more money on these pieces of
things this is all aluminum and copper
and by removing the steel again you'll
make a lot more money so now I'm gonna
put those pieces of steel on a vise to
remove those ends of copper and those
little pieces of aluminum that's left
now some of them aren't very easy to
come out others you will have some
problems with what they all do come
now the compressor weighs a little over
26 pounds all that copper including the
motor over three pounds all that wiring
about 12 ounces the aluminum an ounce
low grade 4 ounces little transformer 7
ounces and that aluminum and copper fin
about seven and a half pounds now this
scale was off this should be maybe twice
the weight all right guys this is Mike
the scrapper please comment like
subscribe so then guys juice
you